docs(readme): best practices for imports (#384)
cognitedata/cognitesdk-js: README.md

- [API documentation](https://doc.cognitedata.com)
- [API reference documentation](https://doc.cognitedata.com/api/v1)

## Best practices

### No submodule imports

> We highly recommend avoid importing anything from internal sdk modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We highly recommend avoiding importing anything from internal SDK modules.
```

All interfaces and functions should only be imported from the top level, otherwise you might face compatibility issues when our internal structure changes.  

**Bad:**
```
import { CogniteAsyncIterator } from '@cognite/sdk/dist/src/autoPagination'; // ❌
import { AssetsAPI } from '@cognite/sdk/dist/src/resources/assets/assetsApi'; // ❌

let assetsApi: AssetsAPI; // ❌
```

**Good:**
```
import { CogniteAsyncIterator } from '@cognite/sdk'; // ✅

let assetsApi: CogniteClient['assets']; // ✅
```

> You may leverage [eslint](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-restricted-imports) to free yourself from memorizing those rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend the usage of [eslint](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-restricted-imports) to ensure this best practice is enforced without having to memorize the patterns:
```
